d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.dll.config
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.pdb
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Owin.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\SendGridMail.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.pdb
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.dll
d:\users\thomas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.dll.config
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Dropbox\School\COP4331\AspNetIdentity\AspNetIdentity.WebApi\obj\Release\AspNetIdentity.WebApi.pdb
